move forward again let me start by
saying Santa Claus don't really conquer
in this movie and the title misleads one
into believing he busts up in the Maas
would do battle axes and an army of
elves but bear with me because this
movies funny as hell the stars of our
movie today ah oh hell I don't know not
these bits play house tour begins with
these little brain-dead Martian booger
eaters look I ain't being mean but you
can clearly see that these children
right here enjoy an occasional Martian
booger but they just do what normal
children do they watching a screen being
mindless ain't no shame in it
except oh they watch the screens from
Earth what the hell is wrong with these
children don't they know that we here on
earth are trying to escape I'm reopening
a news app if you got one earth ain't
all that but they're Martian Papa kima
which is short for King Martian here's a
bit disturbed by the fact that his
children are enjoying this exotic alien
entertainment and then their Martian
mama mama which is short for mom Martian
comes home with dinner whoa look at this
no wonder they children eat a bogles
kemar tells mama that their little
rugrat schema which means girl Martian
and Bomar which means boy Martian okay
pause for some time I have been
attempting to choose the names of my
future children and I've always wanted
one boy and one girl this movie has
helped me decide the proper naming
formula my children shall henceforth be
christened birth and birth at birth okay
keep rollin sookie mouth goes to some
old sage who tells them that they
children up up because they have been
plugged in their whole damn lives and
never got to enjoy being kids but on
Mars they gave them real information in
knowledge instead of the Big Bang Theory
you know where they use a smart name to
make the mindless viewless think they
intelligent and that's why they smart
and our children dumb as hell the sage
says what they children need is a Santa
Claus
so kemar decides to go to earth and
steal arms and said they don't get how
we roll see when we obsessed with
something on earth we dress up like it
and try to make it sound like it ain't
lame by calling it cosplay I mean
imagine if they was looking for Elvis in
1989 and landing in Hawaii and then
found out that child's name was Bruno
Mars think of miles they got a Bruno
Earth so anyway while they owned that
way to steal our jolly old sink bit this
one bit on the trip is like damn look
down there yes
and he just won't see us blown up but
chemo is like no we ain't want to
destroy them we just want to steal they
funsies what flying in our sky bet you
thought deploy the troops we run this
much
I mean it's but it's out there so to
help them find the real senses they
kidnapped two little earth children
let's just call them birth and birth and
that cold-hearted motion is like is this
what you want to do to our children on
miles turn them into nincompoops like
these he has a point
so this evil one his name is voldar is
instructed by kima to stay the hell away
from those little bits and in voldar
more follows them anyway i think he up
to no good
oh lord it's a bumble and then a big
aluminum bug-out robot danger turmoil
and health hazards running amok in this
movie but key my kitchens buh da morte
in the middle of his evil deeds and he's
like kemar you salt and you need a girl
hair damn that's a double here donkey
miles manliness
but they get sent on the ship and I know
he's gonna be relieved when he gets to
Mars where there's less gravity and it
will be easier on his Oh back to support
that enormous good and Nestle's like we
got to take note of get some miles but
funk all that we going to get our sander
what soft and green and you put it on a
stick and roast it Omar should mellow Oh
Lord y'all know I didn't write this it
came straight from this movie and I
claim no responsibility for it Hey look
Lowell da marked he's trying to kill
them again
fight fight yeah now we're talking put
sense and bursting earth survived by
squeezing through the air duct and key
mas like how when your butt is so wide
and sounds like oh oh ho bet I'll
squeeze my badonk through many of
difficult situations in fact I've made a
career of it you see my name is actually
Santa Kardashian back on malls kimahri
MoMA meet Santa and our children G Mambo
mami girth and birth and a ho ho oh and
a ha ha ha so Santa gets a new toy
factory and sin are all sad about the
automation that threatens his job and he
just sit there thinking about how
someday he's gonna have to retire
Rudolph to replace his glory with a
drone so later Voldemort killjoys
appetizers the whole damn Factory so
that all the swag come out looking like
an island of misfit toys and a kidnapped
dropo chemos buddy because he dig in the
cosplay and what the [ __ ] is wrong with
these mountains he still got the mush
and intent on his damn head and they
still can't tell us they own homee in
Santa's drag see look at his dolls
coming out bone into the wrong bodies
baseball bat front like it played tennis
and I don't even want to know what that
train is doing probably something
perverted fight fight
this Santa fixes the machine and bold
I'm alt busting on Santa's pipe smoking
session just as the children attack He
Who Shall Not Be Named with an onslaught
of toys which he cannot escape hold of
violence and Voldemort and his cronies
are arrested drop over comes Santa Claus
miles edition Santa miles for short in
the girls and birth heavily returned our
big dumb ball yeah it's a dung ball but
it's our dung ball to end so what
happened to Nestle did they make it two
miles and now be sure to LIKE share and
subscribe for your regular gift of meth
you can expect me to upload videos just
about whenever I want
for movies explained fall I'm Jeb oh
damn damn that movie was terrible and
still better than the Avengers